Add `featuretools_sql` documentation (#2262)
alteryx/featuretools: README.md

python -m pip install "featuretools[tsfresh]"
```

> **Featuretools_SQL** - Automatic EntitySet generation from relational data stored in SQL databases: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**SQL ** - Automatic EntitySet generation from relational data stored in an SQL database: 
```

```

> python -m pip install "featuretools[sql]"

Reviewer: Add to `install.md`:
- https://github.com/alteryx/featuretools/blob/main/docs/source/install.md
